Update Readme.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/how-to-use-devexpress-themes-in-a-wpf-application-t128436: Readme.md

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T128436)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# How to use DevExpress themes in a WPF Application

> This example demonstrates how to apply a theme to a whole application or an application's element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to apply a theme to an application or an element in an application.
```
